docs: fix misleading docs on code with line numbers (#1349)
just-the-docs/just-the-docs: docs/ui-components/line-nos.md

# Code snippets with line numbers

{: .warning }

> In prior versions of the docs, we provided "workarounds" to issues arising from code snippets with line numbers. While these resolved visual layout issues, they did not resolve core issues with generating invalid HTML. See [the detailed explanation](#detailed-error-explanation) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In prior versions of the docs, we provided "workarounds" to rendering issues arising from code snippets with line numbers. While these seemed to resolve visual layout issues, they did not resolve core issues with Jekyll generating invalid HTML. See [the detailed explanation](#detailed-error-explanation) for more information.
```

The default settings for HTML compression are incompatible with the HTML

> produced by Jekyll (4.1.1 or earlier) for line numbers from highlighted code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
produced by Jekyll for line numbers from highlighted code
```

{% endhighlight %}{% endraw %}
{% endhighlight %}

## Detailed Error Explanation

Consider this following code snippet, intended to highlight a simple Ruby program:

```
{% raw %}{% highlight ruby linenos %}
def foo
  puts 'foo'
end
{% endhighlight %}{% endraw %}
```

> If this is directly placed within a file processed by Jekyll (via Just the Docs), the following markup will be generated:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If this is directly placed within a file processed by Jekyll (via Just the Docs), the following markup will be generated (when HTML compression is disabled):
```

> If this is directly placed within a file processed by Jekyll (via Just the Docs), the following markup will be generated:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If this is directly placed within a file processed by Jekyll (via Just the Docs, with HTML compression enabled), the following markup will be generated:
```

```html
<figure class="highlight">><code class="language-ruby" data-lang="ruby"><div class="table-wrapper"><table class="rouge-table"><tbody><tr><td class="gutter gl"><pre class="lineno">1
2
3
</pre><td class="code"><pre><span class="k">def</span> <span class="nf">foo</span>
  <span class="nb">puts</span> <span class="s1">'foo'</span>
<span class="k">end</span>
</pre></figure>
```

This HTML is invalid; in particular, there are two issues:

> 1. there are many missing closing tags, which produces visually garbled output

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. there are many missing closing tags, and a superfluous `>`, which produce visually garbled output
```

2. a `<table>` is placed within a `<code>` element, which is syntactically invalid HTML (but is often allowed by browsers)

To emphasize this first difference, here is the same markup output, indented by tag:

```html
<figure class="highlight">
  >
  <code class="language-ruby" data-lang="ruby">
    <div class="table-wrapper">
      <table class="rouge-table">
        <tbody>
          <tr>
            <td class="gutter gl">
              <pre class="lineno">
1
2
3
              </pre>
              <td class="code">
                <pre>
<span class="k">def</span>
<span class="nf">foo</span>
<span class="nb">puts</span>
<span class="s1">'foo'</span>
<span class="k">end</span>
                </pre>
</figure>
```

In order, there are missing `</td>`, `</td>`, `</tr>`, `</tbody>`, `</table>`, `</div>`, and `</code>` tags. As a result, the following elements of the page - including the site footer - become visually garbled as browsers attempt to recover gracefully.

> Prior workarounds we suggested (such as [Dmitry Hrabrov's in `jekyll-compress-html`#71](https://github.com/penibelst/jekyll-compress-html/issues/71#issuecomment-188144901)) resolve the missing tag problem. However, they still place a `<table>` within a `<code>` element. The HTML spec normatively outlines that `<code>` elements should only contain "[phrasing content](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/dom.html#phrasing-content-2)", of which `<table>` is not a part of ([spec ref](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/text-level-semantics.html#the-code-element)). Thus, we no longer officially recommend these workarounds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prior workarounds we suggested (such as [Dmitry Hrabrov's in `jekyll-compress-html`#71](https://github.com/penibelst/jekyll-compress-html/issues/71#issuecomment-188144901)) resolve the missing tag problem. However, they still place a `<table>` within a `<code>` element. The HTML spec normatively states that `<code>` elements should only contain "[phrasing content](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/dom.html#phrasing-content-2)", which does not include `<table>` ([spec ref](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/text-level-semantics.html#the-code-element)). To avoid Invalid HTML, the previously-suggested workaround using the current version of `_includes/fix_linenos.html` should _not_ be used! 
```

> Prior workarounds we suggested (such as [Dmitry Hrabrov's in `jekyll-compress-html`#71](https://github.com/penibelst/jekyll-compress-html/issues/71#issuecomment-188144901)) resolve the missing tag problem. However, they still place a `<table>` within a `<code>` element. The HTML spec normatively states that `<code>` elements should only contain "[phrasing content](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/dom.html#phrasing-content-2)", which does not include `<table>` ([spec ref](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/text-level-semantics.html#the-code-element)). To avoid Invalid HTML, the previously-suggested workaround using the current version of `_includes/fix_linenos.html` should _not_ be used! 

Reviewer: > To avoid Invalid HTML, the previously-suggested workaround using the current version of `_includes/fix_linenos.html` should _not_ be used!

I think "To avoid incorrectly rendered HTML" would avoid the suggestion that there is some way to get valid HTML.

Reviewer: P.S. The above comment was shown as "pending", but I actually intended it to be included in the review
